---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## My Extension
This week, we worked on our extensions. My team's extension was to build a little popup notepad. Carly (my teammate) worked on the foundation files such as manifest.json, creating the files (notepad.js/html/css). Then, I worked on how the extension actually worked, such as writting into the popup and saving the data. At first, I ran into a lot of errors such as "dead objects" and "window is null." However, I was able to fix all of that by using preventDefault, which I had forgot about. Originally, our idea was to have the data saved on a local file, but I realized that that isn't actually possible and a security risk, for us to be able to write onto client files. So, I decided to use localstorage. Once I implemented localstorage, it was pretty simple to save our notes and to get them when pressing the popup. I also worked a bit on the css of our popup. I decided to make the popup bigger, and changed the input box from an input box to a textarea with no border to make the notepad seem more seamless. 
What I would like to continue working on for our extension is to add different font colors/sizes. Furthermore, I'd like to not have submit as a way for us to save the notes. I would like to have our notes saved as the user is typing it in. 

## Github Experince
Github is something I've always worked with but never really understood how it worked. However, after learning about forks/branches this last class I feel as if I am more able to actively use github, because I was always nervous about merging different versions of the files. I would often wait for my teammate to push onto master before I would work on the code, but now I feel as though we can work simultaneously. 
