---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
Progress and Quotes...

## Cathedral and Bazaar
> "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
This is an interesting lesson because efficiency is something that is preached and reminded again and again in cs classes. Redundant code is looked down upon, so it becomes obvious that this lesson preaches efficiency. It states that there is nothing better than reducing your code to its most efficient and bare self. Adding extra, and possibly useless code is quite the opposite of what developers are constantly trying to achieve.

> "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
This lesson is something I've never thought about consciously. It's common to have a misunderstanding on the problem, and so understanding the problem is most important. Without that understanding, no matter what the solution is, the solution is wrong. Thus, with the concept of the problem correct, your solution will become more striking and innnovative.


## one more quote
> “Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.” (Fred Brooks, The Mythical Man-Month, Chapter 11)
I liked this lesson a lot, because I think it's something I know, but never want to acknowledge. When it comes to coding, there is a lot of scraping, rewriting, and rethinking your thoughts. However, I find it very easy to become attached to code or data structure that isn't efficient. Instead of immediately scrapping and starting again, I feel as though I waste time trying to trudge through it. Now, I realize that you can just throw it away, and that rewriting it will almost always result in a better and more efficient code. Thus, this lesson is something I am personally trying to input into my habits. 

## personal progress
This week, during workshop I worked with my fellow teammates to fix a couple of CSS issues. I found an issue that I have begun working on, in which the emoji menu doesn't automatically close itself after use. I've been trying to find in the code where it is, but haven't had too much luck. I definetely plan to find it before the next workshop, so that I can begin playing around with it.
