---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Thoughts on Guest Speaker, Licenses, Installing...

## Guest Speaker Christos Bacharakis
Listening to guest speaker Christos Bacharakis from Mozilla talk about open source really opened up the idea of open source to me. Prior to this class, I had little to no idea as to what open source really was, and was nervous about contributing to such big projects. However, Christos talked about how welcoming a lot of the communities were and that definetely eased at least some of my worries. Furthermore, the idea of using open source to make connections that eventually lead to a career job was new to me. I didn't realize how impactful or big the open source community was, and Christos exposed me to all those new thoughts. 

## License: BSD-3-Clause
This license has three main points. First, if the source code is to be distributed, that the copyright is kept as the original. Second, distributions of it in binary form must also keep the original copyright. Finally, that any contributors can't be named dropped as promotion without consent. 

## Installing Bokeh
Installing bokeh was fairly easy, as they provided me exact commands to put into the terminal. One of their commands "conda activate bokeh-dev" did not work for me, but was easily fixed as conda offered me an alternative. Perhaps that could be updated in their development page. There were a lot of things to download, which was kind of annoying, and made me question if I truly wanted to contribute to this project. All in all, the installation was flawless though.
