---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
Open Source Meetup (extra credit)...
This past week, I went to my first open source event outside of class, a meetup. I stayed for two out of the three panels because I was actually coming down with a cold around then and was beginning to feel pretty bad towards the end. However, I found the two panels to bbe very interesting. I really enjoyed listening to each of the panel's introductions, especially how they got into open source, because all of their stories were so diverse. The one panelist who left school, but evenutlaly was able to find his path in open source really allowed me to see how open source is truly "open," in such a way that everyone is allowed in. Furthermore, it was suprising and eye opening how a number of the panelists actually did not have engineering background. Previously, I never truly thought that open soure was something that required different skill sets besides engineering and I now realize that it actually requires all different types of skillsets that allow it to work efficiently.

One of the more interesting things that I learned was that one of the panelists has only gotten her jobs through networking. As someone who is a little afraid to put herself out there, this is a scary idea beacuse people always tell you to network, but I never really felt the effects of it. now, it is advice that I will truly take into account. Other advice that stuck with me was that for every job offer, there should be negotiation. While a terrifying concept, with assurance from people such as our panelists, it makes me more confident in actually trying to negotiate in future offers. 

Overall, I found this talk to be interesting, as they offered plenty of advice on how to get into companies and their experiences. This was an invaluable experience for me because I don't have any close mentors in software engineering that would be able to provide anecdotes as such. In the end, even though I found this talk to be a bit initimdating at first, I was actually able to warm up because I felt as though everyone was so open minded and accepting. 

