---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Readings...

## cathedral vs bazaar model
The Cathedral model which means that software between updates isn't released to the public, but the Bazaar model is where the code is developed on the Internet, where everyone can see it. I think that both these models have very interesting ideas behind it. I think that the benefits of each model are very dependent on the type of project. However, I feel as though personally, I am interested in the Cathedral model. Working on the Internet with potentially so many contributors is daunting, as I feel every move of mine watched. Thus, I'd rather work in a smaller group where I feel more comfortable to make mistakes and develop, away from an audience. 

## 19 lessons 
> 1. Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer’s personal itch.

The first lesson, I believe deserves to be the first lesson because it every project begins with the idea. This quote states that for a good software, there must be a developed behind it who has personal interest, or motivation behind it. I think this is true because there needs to be a reason why the developer is developing, without that motivation, there is a lack of effort, which would refect in the code. 

> 9. Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.

This lesson, I also found most interesting as well, because I have first hand experienced this. When writing code, the data structures are often not fully fleshed out, and it would take forever to try and code with it. However, if I realize that the data structure is incomplete in thought, and change it, the code can come out much faster. This lesson stresses the important of data structures over code, and in practice, it is very evident. 

## free vs open
Free software was the "original" term for what we more commonly refer to as open source software now. However, the terms diverged because of the motives behind each of the users of each term. Free software campagins for freedom, while open source is behind the practicality of open code. 

## progress
This week, I learned that the issue that we identified and reported was already fixed. Thus, I have been on the hunt for more issues that we can work on, both in the issue tracker and by playing around with the app itself. However, we also created our own fix for the issue we reported, but didn't make a pull request because we just wanted to practice on working in the development environment. 

