---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Inital Thoughts...

### Open Source
When I think of open source, I think of the power of technology. Because it is open source, there is a focus on the code, not the politics or monetary value that comes with creating new software. I think that there are benefits in open source, such as new helpers, ideas, and freedom. However, there are also issues with open source because there are so many participants that it may be difficult to lead a project toward a certain direction if others disagree or want to digress. I wanted to register for this class because I find it fascinating to be part of something so real time. I wanted to learn more and also force myself to participate in these open source projects, something I would find too daunting on my own. 

### Projects 
1. Wikipedia. I love wikipedia, I can spend hours just reading through random pages. The fact that anyone can add to the page is what made it so great, because people who are actually interested in a topic can add to their hearts' desire. To me, there is no alternative to Wikipedia for random internet surfing. 
2. Eclipse. I used Eclipse in the earlier CS classes, and I think it helped me with learning how to code much faster. I think its great that an learning tool such as Eclipse is open source. Any text editing tool would have the same idea as Eclipse, but it wouldn't be as easy to learn. 
3. MongoDB. MongoDB is great database because it is so useful. To be honest, I was suprised to learn it was open source, and I think its accessibility and usefulness is what makes it work so well. There are other databases you can use such as PostgreSQL.
4. HandlebarsJS. Handlebars is something I love working with because building templates is so useful. It doesn't make sense to have to code each webpage when they are all under the same template. MustacheJS is also a template service. 
